files/.opinionated/extensions.md, before:

## VSC Extensions

> **Warning**: Open Source Only

- [patbenatar.advanced-new-file](https://github.com/patbenatar/vscode-advanced-new-file)
- [pcbowers.alpine-intellisense](https://github.com/pcbowers/alpine-intellisense)
- [formulahendry.auto-rename-tag](https://github.com/formulahendry/vscode-auto-rename-tag)
- [chouzz.vscode-better-align](https://github.com/chouzz/vscode-better-align)
- [aaron-bond.better-comments](https://github.com/aaron-bond/better-comments)
- [m1guelpf.better-pest](https://github.com/m1guelpf/better-pest)
- [calebporzio.better-phpunit](https://github.com/calebporzio/better-phpunit)
- [wmaurer.change-case](https://github.com/wmaurer/vscode-change-case)
- [Equinusocio.vsc-community-material-theme](https://github.com/material-theme/vsc-community-material-theme) (Darker High Contrast)
- [moshfeu.compare-folders](https://github.com/moshfeu/vscode-compare-folders)
- [cshum.convert-newline-list-to-array](https://github.com/colinshum/vsc-newline-to-array)
- [ctf0.env-symbol-provider](https://github.com/ctf0/env-symbol-provider.git)
- [sleistner.vscode-fileutils](https://github.com/sleistner/vscode-fileutils)
- [prantlf.fold-on-open](https://github.com/prantlf/vscode-fold-on-open)
- [eamodio.gitlens](https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens)
- [wix.vscode-import-cost](https://github.com/wix/import-cost)
- [albymor.increment-selection](https://github.com/albymor/Increment-Selection)
- [porifa.laravel-intelephense](https://github.com/porifa/vscode-laraphense)
- [shufo.vscode-blade-formatter](https://github.com/shufo/vscode-blade-formatter)
- [onecentlin.laravel-blade](https://github.com/onecentlin/laravel-blade-snippets-vscode)
- [IHunte.laravel-blade-wrapper](https://github.com/IHunte/Laravel-Blade-Wrapper)
- [austenc.laravel-docs](https://github.com/austenc/vscode-laravel-docs)
- [ctf0.laravel-goto-config](https://github.com/ctf0/laravel-goto-config)
- [ctf0.laravel-goto-env](https://github.com/ctf0/laravel-goto-env)
- [ctf0.laravel-goto-lang](https://github.com/ctf0/laravel-goto-lang)
- [ctf0.laravel-goto-view](https://github.com/ctf0/laravel-goto-view)
- [naoray.laravel-goto-components](https://github.com/Naoray/laravel-goto-components)
- [austenc.livewire-docs](https://github.com/austenc/vscode-livewire-docs)
- [lennardv.livewire-goto-updated](https://github.com/lennardv2/vscode-livewire-goto)
- [cierra.livewire-vscode](https://github.com/cierrateam/vscode-livewire)
- [bierner.markdown-checkbox](https://github.com/mjbvz/vscode-markdown-checkboxes)
- [bierner.markdown-emoji](https://github.com/mjbvz/vscode-markdown-emoji)
- [bierner.markdown-preview-github-styles](https://github.com/mjbvz/vscode-github-markdown-preview-style)
- [PKief.material-icon-theme](https://github.com/PKief/vscode-material-icon-theme)
- [ryuta46.multi-command](https://github.com/ryuta46/vscode-multi-command)
- [ctf0.php-array-symbols](https://github.com/ctf0/vscode-php-array-symbol-provider)
- [MehediDracula.php-constructor](https://github.com/MehediDracula/PHP-Constructor)
- [xdebug.php-debug](https://github.com/xdebug/vscode-php-debug)
- [bmewburn.vscode-intelephense-client](https://github.com/bmewburn/vscode-intelephense)
- [ctf0.php-namespace-resolver](https://github.com/ctf0/php-namespace-resolver)
- [jeff-hykin.polacode-2019](https://github.com/jeff-hykin/polacode)
- [csstools.postcss](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-language)
- [esbenp.prettier-vscode](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-vscode)
- [sainoba.px-to-rem](https://github.com/sainoba/vscode-px-to-rem)
- [dbankier.vscode-quick-select](https://github.com/dbankier/vscode-quick-select)
- [jock.svg](https://github.com/lishu/vscode-svg2)
- [albert.TabOut](https://github.com/albertromkes/tabout)
- [bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-intellisense)
- [austenc.tailwind-docs](https://github.com/austenc/vscode-tailwind-docs)
- [bourhaouta.tailwindshades](https://github.com/bourhaouta/vscode-tailwindshades)
- [jkjustjoshing.vscode-text-pastry](https://github.com/jkjustjoshing/vscode-text-pastry)
- [Gruntfuggly.todo-tree](https://github.com/Gruntfuggly/todo-tree)
- [hideoo.trailing](https://github.com/HiDeoo/trailing)

Commit message:

v2.1.6
- Added AutoAnimate awesome package from FormKit
- Reworked my opinionated VSC settings
    - The snippets not showing in blade templates issue is gone
- Restored the separate change-log Github action
- Added missing migration for translation package during creation
- Fixed migration indentation for translation package during creation
- Commented on extensions for VSX unavailability
    - Issues were issued on their repositories to remind them all!
- Fixed the keybinding replacement when not using opinionated Pest
- Modified the the translation-manager filament package config
    - Disabled the flags display feature
    - Hidden quick-translation page from the side-panel
- Updated [README.md]
    - Added a TODO for considering phpredis instead of predis by default

files/.opinionated/extensions.md, after:

## VSC Extensions

> [!NOTE]<br>Open Source Only

> [!WARNING]<br>Manual updates are required for the extensions that aren't published yet on [Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org)

- [patbenatar.advanced-new-file](https://github.com/patbenatar/vscode-advanced-new-file)
- [pcbowers.alpine-intellisense](https://github.com/pcbowers/alpine-intellisense) [Not on VSX yet]
- [formulahendry.auto-rename-tag](https://github.com/formulahendry/vscode-auto-rename-tag)
- [chouzz.vscode-better-align](https://github.com/chouzz/vscode-better-align)
- [aaron-bond.better-comments](https://github.com/aaron-bond/better-comments)
- [m1guelpf.better-pest](https://github.com/m1guelpf/better-pest) [Not on VSX yet]
- [calebporzio.better-phpunit](https://github.com/calebporzio/better-phpunit) [Not on VSX yet]
- [wmaurer.change-case](https://github.com/wmaurer/vscode-change-case)
- [Equinusocio.vsc-community-material-theme](https://github.com/material-theme/vsc-community-material-theme) (Darker High Contrast)
- [moshfeu.compare-folders](https://github.com/moshfeu/vscode-compare-folders)
- [cshum.convert-newline-list-to-array](https://github.com/colinshum/vsc-newline-to-array) [Not on VSX yet]
- [ctf0.env-symbol-provider](https://github.com/ctf0/env-symbol-provider.git) [Not on VSX yet]
- [sleistner.vscode-fileutils](https://github.com/sleistner/vscode-fileutils)
- [prantlf.fold-on-open](https://github.com/prantlf/vscode-fold-on-open)
- [eamodio.gitlens](https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens)
- [wix.vscode-import-cost](https://github.com/wix/import-cost)
- [albymor.increment-selection](https://github.com/albymor/Increment-Selection)
- [porifa.laravel-intelephense](https://github.com/porifa/vscode-laraphense)
- [shufo.vscode-blade-formatter](https://github.com/shufo/vscode-blade-formatter)
- [onecentlin.laravel-blade](https://github.com/onecentlin/laravel-blade-snippets-vscode)
- [IHunte.laravel-blade-wrapper](https://github.com/IHunte/Laravel-Blade-Wrapper) [Not on VSX yet]
- [austenc.laravel-docs](https://github.com/austenc/vscode-laravel-docs) [Not on VSX yet]
- [ctf0.laravel-goto-config](https://github.com/ctf0/laravel-goto-config) [Not on VSX yet]
- [ctf0.laravel-goto-env](https://github.com/ctf0/laravel-goto-env) [Not on VSX yet]
- [ctf0.laravel-goto-lang](https://github.com/ctf0/laravel-goto-lang) [Not on VSX yet]
- [ctf0.laravel-goto-view](https://github.com/ctf0/laravel-goto-view) [Not on VSX yet]
- [naoray.laravel-goto-components](https://github.com/Naoray/laravel-goto-components) [Not on VSX yet]
- [austenc.livewire-docs](https://github.com/austenc/vscode-livewire-docs) [Not on VSX yet]
- [lennardv.livewire-goto-updated](https://github.com/lennardv2/vscode-livewire-goto) [Not on VSX yet]
- [cierra.livewire-vscode](https://github.com/cierrateam/vscode-livewire) [Not on VSX yet]
- [bierner.markdown-checkbox](https://github.com/mjbvz/vscode-markdown-checkboxes) [Not on VSX yet]
- [bierner.markdown-emoji](https://github.com/mjbvz/vscode-markdown-emoji) [Not on VSX yet]
- [bierner.markdown-preview-github-styles](https://github.com/mjbvz/vscode-github-markdown-preview-style)
- [PKief.material-icon-theme](https://github.com/PKief/vscode-material-icon-theme)
- [ryuta46.multi-command](https://github.com/ryuta46/vscode-multi-command)
- [ctf0.php-array-symbols](https://github.com/ctf0/vscode-php-array-symbol-provider) [Not on VSX yet]
- [MehediDracula.php-constructor](https://github.com/MehediDracula/PHP-Constructor) [Not on VSX yet]
- [xdebug.php-debug](https://github.com/xdebug/vscode-php-debug)
- [bmewburn.vscode-intelephense-client](https://github.com/bmewburn/vscode-intelephense)
- [ctf0.php-namespace-resolver](https://github.com/ctf0/php-namespace-resolver)
- [jeff-hykin.polacode-2019](https://github.com/jeff-hykin/polacode) [Not on VSX yet]
- [csstools.postcss](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-language)
- [esbenp.prettier-vscode](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-vscode)
- [sainoba.px-to-rem](https://github.com/sainoba/vscode-px-to-rem) [Not on VSX yet]
- [dbankier.vscode-quick-select](https://github.com/dbankier/vscode-quick-select) [Not on VSX yet]
- [jock.svg](https://github.com/lishu/vscode-svg2)
- [albert.TabOut](https://github.com/albertromkes/tabout)
- [bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-intellisense)
- [austenc.tailwind-docs](https://github.com/austenc/vscode-tailwind-docs) [Not on VSX yet]
- [bourhaouta.tailwindshades](https://github.com/bourhaouta/vscode-tailwindshades) [Not on VSX yet]
- [jkjustjoshing.vscode-text-pastry](https://github.com/jkjustjoshing/vscode-text-pastry) [Not on VSX yet]
- [Gruntfuggly.todo-tree](https://github.com/Gruntfuggly/todo-tree)
- [hideoo.trailing](https://github.com/HiDeoo/trailing)
